Add docs for Web Terminal feature (#1326)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/main/tutorials-howtos/project-and-cluster-management/web-terminal/_index.en.md

+++
title = "Web Terminal"
date = 2023-01-30T14:40:55+02:00
weight = 80
+++

> You can also manage your cluster with the Web Terminal and using `kubectl` commands there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web terminal allows `kubectl` access to a user cluster directly from the KKP dashboard web interface.
You can also manage your cluster with the Web Terminal and using `kubectl` commands there.
```

To enable it, go to the [Interface section]({{< ref "../../administration/admin-panel/interface/_index.en.md" >}}) of the Admin Panel.
After enabling it, a button will appear on the top right side of the user cluster page and the API will allow its usage.

![Web Terminal](/img/kubermatic/main/ui/web_terminal.png?classes=shadow,border)

> **Note:** at the first usage time, you will be requested to login again using the ***same Kubermatic user email***. This is necessary to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** at the first usage time, you will be requested to login to KKP again. Please use a user with the ***same Kubermatic user email***. This is necessary to 
```

save the cluster `Kubeconfig` as a secret.

## How it works

> After stablishing a websocket connection with the UI, the API deploys, in the user cluster, some Kubernetes resources responsible for executing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After KKP UI establishes a websocket connection with the the KKP API,  webterminal-related Kubernetes resources are deployed in the user cluster. These are responsible for executing 
```

the commands (pod), managing expiration, cleanup and network policy.

Then, the API starts streaming terminal commands from the UI to the Web Terminal pod deployed in the user cluster.

> After 30 minutes, the expiration happens and every deployed resource is destroyed. Although, before 5 minutes of the expiration time, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After 30 minutes, the expiration happens and every deployed resource is destroyed. Although, 5 minutes before the expiration time, 
```
